CHRIS: Hey, Sonic,
I got you a cellphone!
This is gonna make things
a lot easier.
Oh, really?
Yeah, don't you see?
Now we'll be able to reach
each other right away
even when you're out on a run.
We can talk anywhere now.
No sweat.
Hmm.
Now, make sure you leave it on.
TAILS: Hey, Chris,
it's time to get going!
We've been waiting
outside for you.
Oops, I forgot.
Where are you guys going?
Now that we can
go out in public,
we're heading to Station Square
to go shopping.
We spent weeks hunting down
Chaos Emeralds,
but now it's time
to do some bargain hunting.
So, I'm gonna shop till I drop.
There's no point in waiting
for you to take me
because I don't even know
where you are most of the time.
Oh! We can stay connected
all the time!
No, thanks.
Wait, Sonic!
What about your cellphone?
Leave a message for me.
I guess he wants
to be left alone.
But why can't he be
left alone with me?!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
I don't understand
why Sonic doesn't
want me calling him.
Unfortunately, Sonic
is the kind of guy
who needs lots of privacy.
But what will we do
if there's an emergency?
Without a phone, we don't
have a way to reach him.
Don't worry, Chris.
No matter where Sonic is,
he has a way of showing up
when he has to.
Are you sure?
TOGETHER:
Count on it!
Chao! Chao!
Chao! Chao! Chao!
Ta-da!
Uh-oh.
[All gasp]
That is so cool!
This figure has
kung-fu kick action!
Hey, Chris, look.
Do you think they want this toy?
They're staring at me.
Whoa!
I want this one.
Can we buy it, Mommy?
Hmm?
[Whimpers]
I'm very sorry.
That thing's the real deal!
I wonder who taught it
to talk, a dog trainer?
Go up to it
and make it say something.
Sorry, Tails.
Are you okay?
[Laughs]
Chris.
Yeah?
This is very weird.
Oh, I'm scared.
Chao! Chao!
How come everybody
keeps staring?
You're all big-time celebrities
ever since you helped
knock out Eggman's base.
But we didn't go after
Dr. Eggman to become famous.
Of course, if they ask me to
appear on TV or magazine covers,
I won't turn them down.
Sorry.
Guess it'll take awhile
for people to get
used to you guys here.
I'm not so sure they'll ever
get used to having us here.
- [Sighs]
- MAN: Say cheese!
WOMAN:
Look over here! Smile!
No more photographs!
[Sighs]
Let's try someplace else.
Right this way.
TAILS:
Come on, Amy!
Oh, my!
They allow pets in here?
Instead of escorting
those beasts
into our dining room
and creating a scene,
they should check them
into the coatroom
with the rest of the furs.
I'll be right back
with your menus.
This is a private club,
so we won't get hassled.
I saw how brave
your friends were on TV.
May I ask for their paw prints?
It's adorable!
Chao!
Oh!
What a cutie!
I want to bring them all home!
Let me take a look.
All right,
get your hands off of me.
I just want to have some lunch!
Yeah, this is supposed to be
a fancy restaurant,
not a wrestling ring!
I want to go back home, Chris!
[Whimpering]
Me too!
Is this your natural color?
[Giggles]
Will you please go away?!
Okay, you guys,
just get ready to raise it up.
- Get a digger in here.
- That's it.
Where's the survey team?
The power room was there.
Huh?
That doesn't appear
on the plans.
- Ohh!
- Aah!
- Whoa!
[Whimpers]
That thing is huge!
- Ohh!
When will you half-wits realize
that it's useless
to try and trip me up
because I'm always
10 steps ahead of you?!
I was expecting your president
to order an attack,
and so I built
this flying fortress!
Now I can escape
any further attacks,
and then make a counterattack
anytime and anywhere!
Dr. Eggman certainly is
a strategic genius.
I only wish some of his
strategies worked occasionally.
That's enough from you two!
Cut the chatter
and get the ship ready.
We've got work to do!
He certainly is thin-skinned.
That is the only place
where he is thin.
Let's get moving!
Set the ship's course
for Station Square.
- Oh!
- Ohh!
He's more dangerous
than ever now.
MAYOR:
Are you sure?!
Headed in this direction?!
Well, can't you send
the Air Force to intercept him?
Sir, look!
Oh!
[Sighs]
What a waste.
Our shopping spree was a flop.
I'm sure things
will get a lot easier
once people get used to
seeing you around.
Huh?
What's wrong, Chris?
Look.
- Hmm?
- Whoa!
- What is that thing?
It's Eggman, isn't it?
That's him.
EGGMAN:
[Laughs evilly]
You losers are about to learn
that you can never defeat me.
I'm like a rubber ball.
Every time you
try to slap me down,
I just keep bouncing back!
Since your government
attacked me
and destroyed my base,
I'm going to destroy your city
and rebuild my headquarters
right here!
[Screaming]
There's nowhere to go.
The whole city will be wrecked
if this demolition derby
keeps up!
I sure wish Sonic
had kept that cellphone.
Hey, maybe we can get
out of here.
[All gasp]
Let's move it!
Hurry!
[Growls]
- Oh!
It's Sonic!
See, didn't I tell you
that he'd show up just in time?
Let's play, Sonic.
For keeps.
Fine with me, Eggman.
Take your best shot.
Hah!
Steady.
Ready.
Fire!
I have heard of a sonic boom,
but this is ridiculous.
Whoa!
[Groaning]
[Panting]
Mm.
Oh, no, he can't
reach Eggman's ship!
We need the X-Tornado
to help him,
but it's back home.
We'll never get it in time.
[Horn honks]
You need a lift?
Uncle Sam!
I'll get you guys home
in a flash.
Buckle up for safety!
[Chuckles]
Aah!
[Laughs]
My falcon robots all come
with special
speed-seeking detectors.
Sonic is running to his doom!
Huh?
It can't be!
You can blow Sonic
out of the sky
if you order those falcons
to self-destruct.
Excellent idea!
[Beeping]
Whoa!
[Grunting]
[Fingers screeching]
- Aah!
Sonic's a pain in the ears!
Stop it!
Cut it out!
[Groaning]
Whoa!
Finish him off!
Hey, do you think
you could slow down a bit?
Are you kidding?!
Huh?
Hey, thanks, Mr. Stewart!
No problem.
Are you all okay?
Hey, I know you.
Yes, we met at a party
at Chris' house.
I'm his teacher, Mr. Stewart.
Yeah, now I remember.
I forget things fast,
but I remember them even faster.
And I believe you're
Chris' uncle, Mister...
"Mister" is
what they call my dad.
- Just call me Sam.
- AMY: Hey!
Aren't you forgetting
we have to get something?
The X-Tornado!
Yeah!
That's right!
Let's go!
- But where are we going?
- Get in!
Hang on, gang!
Sam, speed it up!
I can't reach my mirror.
[Gasps]
They're gonna fire!
All right!
You brought the X-Tornado!
The X-Tornado!
Yeah!
Get them now!
Blast away!
It's Sonic!
We can't fight Eggman here.
Those buildings
will get wrecked!
Chris is right.
We have to get Eggman
away from the city somehow.
Right!
Leave it to me.
[Growls]
[All laughing]
I've had it with that hog!
That's the last time
he'll dis me.
Move it! Turn this ship around
and go after Sonic!
What chance does
he have against Sonic?
I estimate his chance of
defeating Sonic at zero.
Could somebody please
call housekeeping?
It worked.
Charge up the blaster cannon.
Fire!
[Laughs]
Victory!
[Alarm blaring]
The energy circuit got fried.
We're in trouble.
What's wrong?
In a few seconds,
we'll lose power,
and then we're gonna be
sitting ducks.
Oh, no!
I won't miss Sonic this time.
Get ready for another blast!
I could use an oil change.
We take care of other robots,
but who takes care of us?
Get moving!
So the X-Tornado can only fly
at full speed
for a few more seconds?
Yeah, if we're lucky.
Okay. Then you should fly
full speed at the bridge.
But that's crazy.
Trust me.
This is our only chance.
Is the blaster cannon
powered up yet?
Almost, Doctor.
It appears that we have company.
What is this?
Hang on.
Here we go.
Blow them away!
The cannon is still recharging.
No!
We have lost
all our controls, Doctor.
We must abandon ship at once.
Curse you, hedgehog!
I'll get you!
Great job, Sonic!
My hero!
Well, we stopped Eggman again,
but I bet he'll be back.
Looks like we're gonna be
fighting against Eggman
for a long time.
He'll never surrender.
You're right.
Eggman's got plenty
of tricks up his sleeve.
This battle is only beginning.
He just might win.